feat(): extract openapi to its own category (#1309)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/openapi/security.md

### Security

To define which security mechanisms should be used for a specific operation, use the `@ApiSecurity()` decorator.

```typescript
@ApiSecurity('basic')
@Controller('cats')
export class CatsController {}
```

Before you run your application, remember to add the security definition to your base document using `DocumentBuilder`:

```typescript
const options = new DocumentBuilder().addSecurity('basic', {
  type: 'http',
  scheme: 'basic',
});
```

> Some of the most popular authentication techniques are predefined (e.g. `basic` and `bearer`) and therefore you don't have to define security mechanisms manually as shown above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the most popular authentication techniques are built-in (e.g., `basic` and `bearer`) and therefore you don't have to define security mechanisms manually as shown above.
```
